+doc Mobject.get_critical_point() (#1077)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation/for_dev.rst

   python3 -m pip install .

> Please see page :doc:`<../contributing>` for more details about contributing to Manim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see :doc:`our contributing guide<contributing>` for more details about contributing to Manim.
```

Author: I integrated your suggestion, although my change there was itself supposed to resolve a broken link. I'll investigate that further later on. Thank you!

> Please see :doc:`our contributing guide<contributing>` for more details about contributing to Manim.

Reviewer: This actually fixes the reference, just tested it locally. :-)

```suggestion
Please see :doc:`our contributing guide<../contributing>` for more details about contributing to Manim.
```
